Move BCO to separate BCOTrainer with fixes (#1869)
huggingface/trl: docs/source/bco_trainer.mdx

# BCO Trainer

TRL supports the Binary Classifier Optimization (BCO).

> The [BCO](https://arxiv.org/abs/2404.04656) authors train a binary classifier whose logit serves as a reward so that the classifier maps {prompt, chosen completion} pairs to 1 and {prompt, rejected completion} pairs to 0.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [BCO](https://huggingface.co/papers/2404.04656) authors train a binary classifier whose logit serves as a reward so that the classifier maps {prompt, chosen completion} pairs to 1 and {prompt, rejected completion} pairs to 0.
```
